Remove EL7 references from Managing Hosts and Administering Project g… (#1803)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_kerberos-configuration-in-web-browsers.adoc

[id="Kerberos_Configuration_in_Web_Browsers_{context}"]
= Kerberos Configuration in Web Browsers

ifdef::satellite[]

> For information on configuring Firefox, see https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/8/html-single/configuring_authentication_and_authorization_in_rhel/index#Configuring_Firefox_to_use_Kerberos_for_SSO[Configuring Firefox to Use Kerberos for Single Sign-On] in the _{RHEL} Configuring authentication and authorization in RHEL_ guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on configuring Firefox, see https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/8/html-single/configuring_authentication_and_authorization_in_rhel/index#Configuring_Firefox_to_use_Kerberos_for_SSO[Configuring Firefox to Use Kerberos for Single Sign-On] in _Configuring authentication and authorization in RHEL_.
```
In this case RHEL would be used twice which just does not look good.

----

Here, _foreman_ is the PAM service name.
ifdef::satellite[]

> For more information on GPOs, see https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/8/html/integrating_rhel_systems_directly_with_windows_active_directory/managing-direct-connections-to-ad_integrating-rhel-systems-directly-with-active-directory#applying-group-policy-object-access-control-in-rhel_managing-direct-connections-to-ad[{RHEL} Integrating RHEL systems directly with Windows Active Directory guide].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on GPOs, see https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/8/html/integrating_rhel_systems_directly_with_windows_active_directory/managing-direct-connections-to-ad_integrating-rhel-systems-directly-with-active-directory#applying-group-policy-object-access-control-in-rhel_managing-direct-connections-to-ad[How SSSD interprets GPO access control rules] in _Integrating RHEL systems directly with Windows Active Directory_.
```
The link currently leads to section named like this.

Reviewer: Disregarding other comments I made, this link still needs to be updated because it the name of the section is currently incorrect.
